com/example/testingskripsinew/databinding/ItemPertemuanBinding.java
 com.example.testingskripsinew.databinding.ItemPertemuanBinding
com/example/testingskripsinew/databinding/ActivityLoginUserBinding.java
 com.example.testingskripsinew.databinding.ActivityLoginUserBinding
com/example/testingskripsinew/databinding/ActivityPertemuanBinding.java
 com.example.testingskripsinew.databinding.ActivityPertemuanBinding
com/example/testingskripsinew/databinding/ActivityReaderScanBinding.java
 com.example.testingskripsinew.databinding.ActivityReaderScanBinding
com/example/testingskripsinew/databinding/ActivityScheduleBinding.java
 com.example.testingskripsinew.databinding.ActivityScheduleBinding
com/example/testingskripsinew/databinding/HistoryUserBinding.java
 com.example.testingskripsinew.databinding.HistoryUserBinding
com/example/testingskripsinew/databinding/ActivityKelasBinding.java
 com.example.testingskripsinew.databinding.ActivityKelasBinding
com/example/testingskripsinew/databinding/ActivityPilihAkunBinding.java
 com.example.testingskripsinew.databinding.ActivityPilihAkunBinding
com/example/testingskripsinew/databinding/ActivityLoginAsdosBinding.java
 com.example.testingskripsinew.databinding.ActivityLoginAsdosBinding
com/example/testingskripsinew/databinding/ActivityMainAsdosBinding.java
 com.example.testingskripsinew.databinding.ActivityMainAsdosBinding
com/example/testingskripsinew/databinding/ActivityMonitoringKelasBinding.java
 com.example.testingskripsinew.databinding.ActivityMonitoringKelasBinding
com/example/testingskripsinew/databinding/ActivityHistoryBinding.java
 com.example.testingskripsinew.databinding.ActivityHistoryBinding
com/example/testingskripsinew/databinding/ActivityMainUserBinding.java
 com.example.testingskripsinew.databinding.ActivityMainUserBinding
com/example/testingskripsinew/databinding/ActivityDetailBinding.java
 com.example.testingskripsinew.databinding.ActivityDetailBinding
com/example/testingskripsinew/databinding/HistoryAsdosKeluarBinding.java
 com.example.testingskripsinew.databinding.HistoryAsdosKeluarBinding
com/example/testingskripsinew/databinding/HistoryAsdosAbsenBinding.java
 com.example.testingskripsinew.databinding.HistoryAsdosAbsenBinding
com/example/testingskripsinew/databinding/ActivityJarakBinding.java
 com.example.testingskripsinew.databinding.ActivityJarakBinding
com/example/testingskripsinew/databinding/ActivityProfilAsdosBinding.java
 com.example.testingskripsinew.databinding.ActivityProfilAsdosBinding
com/example/testingskripsinew/databinding/BottomSheetBarcodeDataBinding.java
 com.example.testingskripsinew.databinding.BottomSheetBarcodeDataBinding
com/example/testingskripsinew/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.testingskripsinew.BuildConfig
com/example/testingskripsinew/databinding/ActivitySelesaiBinding.java
 com.example.testingskripsinew.databinding.ActivitySelesaiBinding
com/example/testingskripsinew/databinding/ActivitySplashScreenBinding.java
 com.example.testingskripsinew.databinding.ActivitySplashScreenBinding
com/example/testingskripsinew/databinding/HistoryAsdosIzinBinding.java
 com.example.testingskripsinew.databinding.HistoryAsdosIzinBinding
com/example/testingskripsinew/databinding/ItemHadirBinding.java
 com.example.testingskripsinew.databinding.ItemHadirBinding
com/example/testingskripsinew/databinding/ItemJadwalBinding.java
 com.example.testingskripsinew.databinding.ItemJadwalBinding
com/example/testingskripsinew/databinding/HistoryAsdosHadirBinding.java
 com.example.testingskripsinew.databinding.HistoryAsdosHadirBinding
com/example/testingskripsinew/databinding/ActivityProfilUserBinding.java
 com.example.testingskripsinew.databinding.ActivityProfilUserBinding
